Latest patch shortcode (#2561)
influxdata/docs-v2: CONTRIBUTING.md

/{{< latest "telegraf" >}}/
```

### Latest patch version

> Use the `{{< latest-patch >}}` shortcode to print the latest patch version of the
> current product. This shortcode makes often-updated links or code examples more
> maintainable by containing the necessary patch version update to the
> `data/products.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `{{< latest-patch >}}` shortcode to add the latest patch version of the
current product. Easier to maintain being you update the version number in the `data/products.yml` file instead of updating individual links and code examples.
```
